Everyone you are back to the last lesson about DGM plug in activation in this lesson.
You're going to test out the changes been made in the last two lessons.
Let's see if the library actually works as expected in others just as this out.
We need a new installation of wordpress.
Really.
But why.
Well the fact is that we need to simulate a very specific scenario.
We need to make believe a user a customer for example is installing our thing in a brand new WordPress
website.
We cannot do this in the installation.
We are working on since it's already news with all the plugins installed and on top of that the theme
is rad installed and activated.
So that's why we need a brand new instance of wordpress.
So for this lesson I have installed WordPress in a new folder.
It's not a big deal just to name the installation of Wordpress that installed in a new folder called
test.
Another thing I did was to zip my folder to do that.
I just entered WP content seems and that did learn WP folder to a zip file it is all you need to do
OK.
I'm logged in now on the new website and I'm going to install the theme here.
I'll go ahead and head over to appearance themes and upload the compressed theme file
OK.
The film was successfully installed.
Now I can click here and activate it and watch what happens when I do this like it is.
Now I have this warning shown here on the screen and it's saying that we have a list of plugins that
require the installation which are in fact those plugins we have included in the TGM plugin activation
file remember.
I'm going to click here on begin installing plug in and the TGM plugin activation engine.
You show me a table with all the planes that are necessary to the thing and I can check all the items
in the table at once and do a batch install.
That's what I'm going to do now.
Now I can return to the plugin list and also activate them all at once.
So let's go ahead and activate them here.
OK ready.
Now the table is empty and you no longer have any plugins to install.
I can click here and go back to the dashboard and you'll notice now that we have the menu links for
all the plugins we need in the theme.
Of course if you look at the front end now
you see that it still seems quite incomplete.
Listen to me now it's your task as a developer to write all the documentation and teach your user how
to play with your feet.
You need to teach the users to add the menus to set the themes home page and of course just set unnecessary
plugins to make your film work or at least provide the user with some source of information about it.
Some thing developers prefer to offer documentation as video tutorials.
Other developers use other options like to get book for example.
You say also that some plugins allow you to export the data saved in the database to access mail files.
If it's the case of your plugin it can offer an example file with the initial settings of the plugging
along with your files.
Well that's what we have for this lesson.
I hope you have enjoyed it and I hope you feel like you learned something new in these lessons and you
can use this new knowledge in your next projects so see in the next lesson you'll be finally the last
one on this course until then.
Happy Kaupthing.